.TH glances 1  "January, 2013" "version 1.6" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
glances \- CLI curses based monitoring tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glances
[\-bdehmnsvz] [\-C conffile] [\-t refresh] [\-B bind] [\-c server] [\-p port] [\-P password] [\-o output] [\-f file]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Glances is a free (LGPL) curses-based  monitoring tool which aims to present a maximum of information
in a minimum of space, ideally to fit in a classical 80x24 terminal or higher to have additionnal information.
Glances can adapt dynamicaly the displayed information depending on the terminal size.
It can also work in a client/server mode (for remote monitoring).
.PP
This tool is written in Python and uses PsUtil to fetch the statistical values from key elements.
.PP
When Glances is running, you can use the following keys:
.PP
	'a' Automatic mode. The process list is sorted automatically
.PP
	'b' Switch between bit/s or Byte/s for network IO
.PP
	'c' Sort processes by CPU%
.PP
	'd' Show/hide disk IO stats
.PP
	'f' Show/hide file system stats
.PP
	'h' Show/hide the help message
.PP
	'i' Sort processes by IO rate
.PP
	'l' Show/hide log messages
.PP
	'm' Sort processes by MEM%
.PP
	'n' Show/hide network stats
.PP
	'p' Sort processes by name
.PP
	's' Show/hide sensors stats (Linux-only)
.PP
	'w' Delete finished warning logs messages
.PP
	'x' Delete finished warning and critical logs
.PP
	'q' Quit
.PP
	'1' Switch between global CPU and per core stats
.PP
The current version grab the following stats: CPU, Load, Memory, Network rate, Disk IO, file system,
process number and details.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.TP
\-b
Display network rate in Byte per second
.TP
\-B bind
Bind server to the given IP or host NAME
.TP
\-c server
Connect to a Glances server (IP address or hostname)
.TP
\-C conffile
Use a configuration file (default: {/usr/local,}/etc/glances/glances.conf)
.TP
\-d
Disable disk I/O module
.TP
\-e
Enable the sensors module (Linux-only)
.TP
\-f file
Set the output folder (HTML) or file (CSV)
.TP
\-h
Display the syntax and exit
.TP
\-m
Disable mount module
.TP
\-n
Disable network module
.TP
\-o output
Define additional output (available: HTML or CSV)
.TP
\-p port
Define the client or server TCP port (default: 61209)
.TP
\-P password
Define the client or server password (default: no password)
.TP
\-s
Run Glances in server mode
.TP
\-t sec
Set the refresh time in seconds (default: 3)
.TP
\-v
Display the version and exit
.TP
\-z
Do not use the bold color attribute
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Refresh information every 5 seconds:
.B glances
\-t 5
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
Glances returns a zero exit status if it succeeds to print/grab information.
.PP
It returns 2 if it fails to parse its options (missing arguments, invalid value, etc).
.SH AUTHOR
Glances is written by Nicolas Hennion aka Nicolargo (contact@nicolargo.com).
